now ski and getting word now they have
just emerged from their meeting together
look at it huh a friendly tap shot yeah
but look look they went separate ways
inside smile for the camera I think that
KMFM energy on the hood of his car
remember Bobby moon used to race in the
Nationwide Series big hit right there in
a century hard contact let's take
another look at Dennis Setzer glad that
he's alright even though he's frustrated
that car was he loses full he got to the
corner right turn down in there and it
never gave him a chance never gave him a
chance another look what much he's gonna
do with that when he was loose before we
got to the corner well it just and then
just after that Kris Lawson up the hill
and turn to I mean you were saying
something about that mental aspect a
minute ago yeah I mean I we was talking
about as Dennis said so we sit on the
racetrack you know Chris losses coming
out next not a lot of experience how was
that playing with him mentally and he
goes out you know trying to step it up
to get this car in the show and it's not
able to complete a lap
that kind of situation Bobby I got to
give Gregg credit he realizes what his
circumstance is we got trouble here in
the middle of three-and four-and around
Boz goes and he gets it outside safer
barrier parent turn for Jason balls the
2009 NASCAR West Series champion 27
years old - we heard Greg Biffle talk
about what we talked about the young
guys thinking about yeah hey Biff says
with all his experience I'm seeing guys
turn around on the racetrack I just want
to get a good solid follow fire Latvia
but Steve look here as we take a look at
the 39 car once again goes down in the
corner car bobbles I think hit bottom
down yeah also follow mater he spins
around winds up being 30 second quickest
but realize something guys all the
crashes we've had have come when after
we got say Lux LePage in
Oh
get it together here back up it's your
last in here you not for up too bad yeah
I don't know about that one yeah thank
you you can't see the right side of the
racecourse alright I can do it up all
you need to is running the 15 to get the
race here this is your white flag lap
right here
and keep the camera off miss being
arrested even cars bottoming out tire
rub well he he didn't have enough speed
to get up but he's got way too much
damage on the right front of his car to
run a fast lap
and he not quick enough
after making Damon's it does however
lock Derek open guys let's see what
happened to young Parker Kligerman
coming off fewer to loose up off that
corner then take much clicker min picked
up a pole last year at Kansas guys